korriban ancient birthplace of the SIF
we believed ruins were all that remained
of their evil empire I swear I had no
idea what was in those crates I'm
innocent you were smuggling sip
artifacts fine keep the artifacts is
give me back my ship all right brother
just inspecting the troops go xochitl
what's wrong I sense a great darkness
shit Empire has returned we must warn
the Republic our shuttle care don't run
those fighters well guess who's got the
fastest ship in the sector season
defensive three all hand the back way
my shit will she fly she's not pretty
but she's tough
captain kept your ship this is our fight
t 7 cut the iron Canada
gosset eel you must walk a different
you
on those guns now
they've escaped Master you failed no
Malgus
this is only the beginning yes after a
thousand years korriban is ours again
welcome home